Oh Israel return to the Lord your God
Oh Israel return to the Lord your God for you have stumbled because of your
for you have stumbled because of your
for you have stumbled because of your iniquity take words with you and return
iniquity take words with you and return
iniquity take words with you and return to the Lord say to him take away all
to the Lord say to him take away all
to the Lord say to him take away all iniquity receive us graciously for we
iniquity receive us graciously for we
iniquity receive us graciously for we will offer the sacrifices of our lips a
will offer the sacrifices of our lips a
will offer the sacrifices of our lips a serious shall not save us we will not
serious shall not save us we will not
serious shall not save us we will not ride on horses nor will we say anymore
ride on horses nor will we say anymore
ride on horses nor will we say anymore to the work of our hands
to the work of our hands
to the work of our hands you are our gods for in you the
you are our gods for in you the
you are our gods for in you the fatherless find mercy I will heal their
fatherless find mercy I will heal their
fatherless find mercy I will heal their backsliding I will love them freely for
backsliding I will love them freely for
backsliding I will love them freely for my anger has turned away from him I will
my anger has turned away from him I will
my anger has turned away from him I will be like the dew to Israel he shall grow
be like the dew to Israel he shall grow
be like the dew to Israel he shall grow like the lily and lengthen his roots
like the lily and lengthen his roots
like the lily and lengthen his roots like Lebanon his branches shall spread
like Lebanon his branches shall spread
like Lebanon his branches shall spread his beauty shall be like an olive tree
his beauty shall be like an olive tree
his beauty shall be like an olive tree and his fragrance like Lebanon those who
and his fragrance like Lebanon those who
and his fragrance like Lebanon those who dwell under his shadow shall return they
dwell under his shadow shall return they
dwell under his shadow shall return they shall be revived like grain and grow
shall be revived like grain and grow
shall be revived like grain and grow like a vine their scent shall be like
like a vine their scent shall be like
like a vine their scent shall be like the wine of Lebanon Ephraim shall say
the wine of Lebanon Ephraim shall say
the wine of Lebanon Ephraim shall say what have I to do anymore with idols I
what have I to do anymore with idols I
what have I to do anymore with idols I have heard and observed him
have heard and observed him
have heard and observed him I am like a green cypress tree your
I am like a green cypress tree your
I am like a green cypress tree your fruit is found in me who is wise let him
fruit is found in me who is wise let him
fruit is found in me who is wise let him understand these things
understand these things
understand these things who is prudent let him know them for the
who is prudent let him know them for the
who is prudent let him know them for the ways of the Lord are right the righteous
ways of the Lord are right the righteous
ways of the Lord are right the righteous walk in them but transgressors stumble
walk in them but transgressors stumble
walk in them but transgressors stumble in them
[Music]
[Music] you